

Project Portfolio

Welcome to my Project Portfolio! This repository contains the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript code for my personal project portfolio website.

Table of Contents

1. Introduction
2. Demo
3. Technologies Used
4. Features
5. Getting Started
6. Usage
7. Customization
8. Contributing
9. License

Introduction

This project portfolio website serves as a showcase of my coding skills, projects, and experiences as a "Web Developer" and "Designer". I've designed and developed this website to provide a glimpse into my work and to connect with potential employers, collaborators, or anyone interested in my projects.

Demo

You can view a live demo of my project portfolio website at [insert demo link here].

Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript


Features

- Responsive Design: The website is designed to work seamlessly on various screen sizes and devices.
- Navigation: Easy navigation with a menu that allows users to explore different sections of the portfolio.
- Project Showcase: A dedicated section to display my projects, each with its description and links.
- About Me: A brief introduction section where I share information about myself, skills, and experiences.
- Contact Form: An interactive contact form that enables users to get in touch with me.
- Tabbed Content: The "About Me" section uses tabs to organize content, making it user-friendly.

Getting Started

To run this project locally on your machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone [repository URL]
   ```

2. Open the project folder in your preferred code editor.

3. Launch the `index.html` file in your web browser.

Usage

My project portfolio is designed to be user-friendly and self-explanatory. Users can navigate through the various sections to learn more about my skills, view my projects, and get in touch with me.

Customization

If you'd like to use this project portfolio as a template for your own, here are some customization options:

- Replace the content in the HTML files with your own information.
- Modify the CSS to match your preferred style and branding.
- Add or remove sections and projects to tailor it to your needs.
- Customize the JavaScript to add any additional functionality you require.

Feel free to adapt and make this project portfolio your own!

Contributing

I welcome contributions and feedback. If you'd like to report a bug, suggest an improvement, or contribute to the project, please open an issue or submit a pull request. Your input is highly appreciated.


